or the people who are commenting and good
let's play like I hope that you
like it and that's what comes out let's see they 're
playing right now I have been state the
started game and I stayed at ten
points to go back to the first but good
As I had not recorded it, I did not
there was and let's see if now I get another
same
let's see let's see what I know
they like the likes and I'm a black to
he likes it good in being to see more
I think it will have gone up or for speed
for when I recorded this video for when
I raise it more I hope you're liking it
ok but you know that white all goes
to always see my channel hbo be white 2
colom you till general is what I
I like it and the gameplays
comments the commented so
will start to be more tactical it's worth
comment more on what they are respawn instead
to comment for comment and nothing we are going to
we are going to see what is coming out of
this game like this comes out something elegant and
beautiful
I do not know why or the first one because they are
all scattered by this one
it's fair
you go round cabroncete but in general
I 'm not going to kill anyone else
to get in here that is usually the
people
you
it's fine and I like asshole leaving me
kill
let's see where you are
1 - the precious one merges the other less
food to the head uncle what is this
OK
for good with the shit of this cloth
the street as I hate that gun 10 its
dog to put a male with that if you
leave
let's see with scorpions been like
Be called
OK
it's worth high
okay good well at least we're going to
throw a little
all the time down the street the other with
executions with the worst weapons
the virtue asómate
one gave five wings I got him kills me
thiago in executions go of lancia
what elegance of boy games
you can
but you do not see me that I hope this guy
please go winning
bush this what makes me bad of the white
summer
for goods to be able in a male
stuck to s
let's go
there are things better that seems
what is this
and he kills me, he comes, he's gone for god
I do not have to say that it is not my day
it's not average I have a day when this
but the worst of the worst
it seems behind
good the departure by God or I will upload it
because it's the I guess you'll like it more
what
but normal
good and I'm reborn here next door that's what
that what bursts me in this game
that are reborn to the side
you arrive with a face that you flip
Good Morning
come and I do not kill it guys that happens
you when you do not do a bazooka and
you are going to die
when you are dead, the missile is worth
disappears as if I had not sent
father failed him uncle
but what is this is this I'm going to win you
uh but go see how embarrassed
or more than dying the example
the rpc
the precious rpg of at least this
you run a little
- with the crossbow you're here not
you have not seen insurance
there are rivas
and with the knife and I think it's the
last and
in the head and then state the
little head but the little shirt
some kids I hope you liked it
vouchers that investigating flipping very well
the head of seen that the marker
He pointed out that I was giving him the head I hope that
have you liked it worth scoring it and so
that has been disastrous but good is your
I hope you liked it and
we are going to go for your video greetings and
see you later
i